Don't think about your feet changing. When I was brought here by your eyes,
I’m having a sober talk with you organizedly,
I would like to see how you take advantage of big shots,
For you to stay in these acts alone,
What would the big shot do if he found out?
I have heard that there is no certificate for you,
He is indeed a villain, why don't you go to the double stage?
Went to the family and talked for a long time,
What kind of grandma will the big shot with the golden nanny be like in the future?
Jin Zhi, female income earner,
The answer to the golden responsibility is a smile.
One, one and four corners, yes,
It is said that the head of the house has more material things,
Every Zhou Fu of Daxia was arrested
Analysis of each
It’s not that a week’s deposit isn’t expensive.
Iron body
You can spend as much effort as you can
No one dares to intrude
It's okay to be this big
I also lost to that other person
If it is really the most important person
Asian crazy dream
But not enough strength
It's wrong, it's gone
It's just that I'm such a good servant
Yes, just a servant
Even if you get the host's ugly
It's impossible to follow us
Let’s evaluate and do it together. I understand.
Even if you put it on upstairs
You don't look like a prince
You're a dressed-up errand boy
A thousand people dare to betray you, right?
Exposed
What else do you have to say?
Jingcheng Zhongshi
What kind of prime minister is enough for you?
I want to see it all
What can you say about anything?
The main words of your family are good
Why don't you hurry up and get the bone ghost down on the way?
Okay, give it to the owner of your house and let me sell it.
in this world
No one yet
take my place